
Digital Business Cards
For Businesses & Teams
NFC Business Cards
Pricing
Blog
Log In
Create Your Card
Subscription plans
Choose the subscription that works for you or your team/business.
If you have any questions, email us at support@blinq.me.

Annual Save up to 25%
Monthly
For Individuals
Free
$0
per month
0
0‍
Get Started
Available on iOS, Android and the web.

Create up to 2 different digital business cards for yourself

Add as many fields as you like to your cards

Share your card via QR code, text message, email or airdrop

Track who receives your card as well as when and where you met them

For Individuals
SAVE 25%
Premium
$2.99
per month
7-day free trial included
Billed annually
Start 7-Day Free Trial
Everything in the Free plan, plus:

Create up to 5 different digital business cards for yourself

Add custom color themes to your cards

Remove Blinq branding from your cards when people save and export your details to their address book

Add your logo inside the QR code

Send your card via email or SMS via Blinq's servers to keep your email/phone number hidden

For Teams
SAVE 16%
Business
$4.99
per card
per month
30-day free trial included
3 card minimum, billed annually
Start 30-Day Free Trial
Everything in the Premium plan, plus:

Create unlimited cards for your entire team - create manually, bulk upload or integrate into your directory system

View the contact details of those who receives your team's cards and export to your CRM system

Lock contact fields for employees - choose which fields they can edit and which ones they can't

Onboarding help & 24/7 support

For Large Teams
Enterprise
Contact Us
For 500+ cards
‍
Contact Us
Everything in the Business plan, plus:

Enforced Single Sign On (SSO)

Bulk card creation API

Contact creation webhook integration

Dedicated account manager and implementation assistance

Advanced access control and management

Frequently asked questions
Are Blinq cards secure?

Each card is given its own unique obfuscated link which cannot be accessed unless someone knows the link, i.e. they receive the card.
‍
All Blinq data is protected by Google Cloud.

Can I create multiple cards for a user?

Yes, you can create different cards ready for different situations. For example, in an internal team meeting where social media links could be shared vs. in a conference setting where only key professional details might be shared. Often, Blinq users create a card with their phone number and another card without their phone number, so they can share the right card for the right situation!
‍
Users can quickly swipe to different cards and share with a recipient depending on the context of the meeting.

How do I upgrade my free Blinq profile to Business?

Go to the Blinq dashboard on a desktop and select Blinq Business to get set up.

What is your privacy policy?

You can view our policy here.

We do not sell your data. We make revenue from subscriptions and sales of NFC accessory products.

Can I program my non-Blinq NFC card or tag to match my Blinq digital card?

Yes, you can reprogram your non-Blinq card or tag to match your Blinq card.

We are going to add this function to our app in the near future but in the meantime, please follow these steps:

First, download an NFC card reader app:
iOS: NFC for iPhone
Android: NFC Tools

Then follow these steps:
1. Open your Blinq app and select the card you want to encode to your NFC card
2. Tap the send button in the bottom right
3. Tap three circles icon in the top right of the page
4. Select "copy link"open your NFC writer app
5. Encode this url onto your NFC object

We look forward to seeing more and more NFC cards and tags running Blinq software!

‍Contact us to find out more and share your NFC card or tag running Blinq on social media with the #BlinqMe hashtag.

Want to learn more?
Contact Us

app store
google play store

Product
Individuals
Businesses & Teams
NFC Business Cards
Pricing
Solutions
Digital Business Cards
Email Signature
Resources
Help
Blog
Contact
Work at Blinq
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
Press Kit
Responsible Disclosure Program
Security
Access
Log In
Sign Up Free
© 2017-2023 Blinq Technologies Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.



