
Digital Business Cards
For Businesses & Teams
NFC Business Cards
Pricing
Blog
Log In
Create Your Card
Apple Watch Integration
The world’s top rated digital business card app also has a free Apple Watch integration!

It’s another feature we’ve introduced to make sharing your digital business card simple, wherever you go.

Get Started
Blinq digital business card Apple Watch integration
Match your Blinq digital business card on your Apple Watch
Match your digital cards
All your digital business cards are accessible via your Apple Watch.

Sharing your Blinq digital business card is a great talking point with contacts
Talking point
Impress your contacts with a seamless way to share your digital business cards.

Grow your network with Blinq digital business cards
Build your network
Recipients don't need the Blinq app to receive your card.

How it works
Create a Blinq digital business card
Create your first card
Download the Blinq app and let our simple onboarding process guide you through the steps to create your first digital business card.

How to set up your Blinq digital business card on your Apple Watch
Add the Blinq Apple Watch app
Before you get started, here are 3x top tips:

Make sure you have the latest version of Blinq app and Watch App. 
You’ll need to open up the Watch App and scroll down to install the Blinq under “available apps”. 
Once installed, head back to your Blinq app, open the menu on the left hand side and tap on “get the Apple Watch app” to pair with your watch.
Watch a tutorial film showing how to set up your digital business card on your Apple Watch
Tutorial film
To help you along, here’s a quick video tutorial to get you set up. Connect anywhere, with Blinq digital business cards and the Blinq Apple Watch app.

Ready when you are
Blinq is trusted by thousands of users to share their professional identity every day. Now it’s your turn.

Create Your Card


app store
google play store

Product
Individuals
Businesses & Teams
NFC Business Cards
Pricing
Solutions
Digital Business Cards
Email Signature
Resources
Help
Blog
Contact
Work at Blinq
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
Press Kit
Responsible Disclosure Program
Security
Access
Log In
Sign Up Free
© 2017-2023 Blinq Technologies Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.



