

Digital Business Cards
For Businesses & Teams
NFC Business Cards
Pricing
Blog
Log In
Order Your Card
NFC Business Cards by Blinq
Share your contact details with a single tap.

Order Your Card
Our NFC Card Range
$14
+ shipping
Blinq Essential
The last business card you’ll ever need
Our quickest card to process and ship. A Blinq card that lets you make new connections with just a single tap.

Order Your Card
$40
+ shipping
Blinq Infinite
Personalize your card and make an impression
Your name, your logo and job title on a sleek and stylish NFC Card. Available in both black and white.

Edit Your Card
$60
+ shipping
A series of Blinq custom cards
Blinq Custom
Your brand, no limits
A tappable NFC card, anyway you like it. We send you the template and you use design software to make your dream card. We print it, encode it and ship it.

Customize Your Card
Loved by industry leaders

exp Realty logo
Remax Logo
CoStar Group logo
Google logo
Airwallex logo
Uber Logo
SG Innovate Logo
Tesla logo
Cirque de Solai logo
citi logo
Salesforce Logo
Cozen O'Connor Logo
Benefits of an NFC Business Card
Order Your Card
Share your details instantly
Blinq NFC cards are the fastest way to share your contact details on the go.

Stop reprinting business cards
Edit your contact details anytime you want without having to reprint another business card.

Be memorable
A business card exchange that’s bound to impress.

Eco-friendly
Cut down on your carbon footprint with an NFC Business Card you can keep for life.

How do I create and design a Blinq NFC business card?
STEP 1
Purchase your
Blinq Card
Choose your ideal card. Look out for our emails about setting up your profile after you’ve purchased your card!

A Blinq business card mockup
STEP 2
Set up a
Blinq Profile
Create your Blinq profile. Add contact details, payment links, social media accounts and more.  

Elements of a Blinq profile
STEP 3
Receive your card & start tapping
Your card will be ready to use as soon as it arrives, so you can get on with networking.

Elements of a Blinq online profile.
Order Your Card
Want cards for your team?
We offer bulk discounts for large orders. We also give business customers a dashboard to manage all your cards and reassign them if employees leave.

Fill out this contact form to find out more
Left pointing arrow
Frequently asked questions about NFC business cards
How long does it take for a card to arrive?

Once your design has been reviewed, confirmed and approved, we send this off to print. It will take roughly 5-8 business days for our team to print it, encode it and ship it to your door.

Does Blinq require a paid subscription?

No, you can get Blinq NFC Cards without paying for a subscription. However, a lot of our customers choose to upgrade to a premium subscription to access more digital business cards and a range of features like having their logo in their QR code.

Does the person I’m sharing my card with also need to have the Blinq app?

No, the other person doesn’t need to have the app downloaded.

How do I design a custom card?

After you have purchased your custom Blinq card we will send you card template files in SVG and PNG. You can then import these templates into design software such as Photoshop, Illustrator or Canva and add your custom design. Cards will arrive 5-8 business days after your custom design is confirmed. We've written guides on designing cards in Photoshop and designing cards in Illustrator.

Or if you are a Blinq Business or Blinq Premium customer, you are able to request design help from our internal design team. We normally have 2 rounds of revision to help ensure you are happy with your cards before we send them to print!

How do you manufacture Blinq NFC cards?

We print Blinq NFC cards onto an elegant plastic canvas using high quality UV laser printers for a slick finish. We then encode the cards with the information you supply us from your Blinq Profile.

Do you produce metal cards?

We don’t currently do metal cards. We found that metal cards sometimes scratched phone screen when they were tapped against them.

Is the Blinq NFC card compatible with iPhones?

Blinq NFC business cards work with all models of iPhone from iPhone 11 and up. All of these phones have the compatible NFC chip installed. This can be located on the back of the phone near the front and back camera. The card also comes with a QR code in case the NFC doesn’t work.

Is the Blinq NFC card compatible with Android phones?

Blinq NFC business cards are compatible with all Android phone models which support Google Pay. Simply tap the NFC card against the back of the phone in the center. Blinq NFC Cards also have QR codes which your contact can scan if their NFC isn’t working.

Do you offer discounts for teams ordering multiple NFC business cards?

If you’re ordering more than 10 cards, we apply discount bulk pricing. For more information and to organize this, please get in touch with the team by filling out this form.

Can I send you the designs of our previous business cards?

Yes! If you provide the .pdf, .png or .jpg design files for your previous business cards, our design team will be able to layer this over our card templates to create a card for you. Simply fill out this form to get in touch with our designers!

What industries is the Blinq NFC Card best for?

The Blinq NFC Card isn’t limited to any particular industry - anyone who shares their contact details could benefit from our cards. However, we have seen significant popularity among realtors, freelancers, small business owners, not-for-profit fundraisers and sales professionals.

What happens if I try to share to a phone that doesn’t have NFC?

Some older phone models don’t have NFC enabled. That’s why we put a QR code on Blinq Essential cards and Blinq Infinite cards. We also provide you with a QR code to put on your Blinq Custom NFC Card should you choose to use it.

Can I get a QR code on my card?

Our Essential and Infinite NFC cards come with a QR Code printed on them. We also supply you with your own QR code if you’d like to include it on your custom card.

What does NFC stand for?

NFC stands for “near field communication”: it’s the name for the technology that underpins how our cards work.

SHOW MORE
SHOW LESS
What people are saying
Customer reviews
4.9out of 5
10,000+ Ratings

The digital business card that’s always by my side
Gone are the days where I used to provide a business card to a client who then lost it and never called me again. Since using blinq the amount of callbacks I’ve gotten from clients has at least doubled. Customer service has also been fantastic as they helped me set up an enterprise account for my entire business and employees!

@sayless21, App Store Australia

Simple - effective - amazing!
I’ve had Blinq now for 4 months and LOVE how easy it is to use and effective it is!! This is the RIGHT app for sharing my info and with the photo option it’s super easy for anyone to grab my information! I couldn’t be happier!

@gmphilbeck, App Store USA

Great app. Easy to set up and use
A great app. Easy to set up and easy to use.

@Lushgardener, App Store UK

Love this app.
Really easy to use. So much better than carrying around business cards and with lots of additional features. I use in everyday business and it’s a must for networking events. Very professional organisational support. Highly recommend.

@super_nova_, App Store Australia

The. Best.
Everyone loves when I send them my info from the app. And the UI is the best out there.

@sayless21, App Store Australia

Love this app
Really easy to use. So much better than carrying around business cards and with lots of additional features. I use in everyday business and it’s a must for networking events. Very professional organisational support. Highly recommend.

@Ally-shelding, App Store Australia
Slide 3 of 3.

Ready when you are
Blinq is trusted by thousands of users to share their professional identity every day. Now it’s your turn.

Order Your Card
Blinq logo
app store
google play store

Product
Individuals
Businesses & Teams
NFC Business Cards
Pricing
Solutions
Digital Business Cards
Email Signature
Resources
Help
Blog
Contact
Work at Blinq
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
Press Kit
Responsible Disclosure Program
Security
Access
Log In
Sign Up Free
© 2017-2023 Blinq Technologies Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.





