
Digital Business Cards
For Businesses & Teams
NFC Business Cards
Pricing
Blog
Log In
Create Your Card
Your Blinq Digital Business Card
Your details, shared instantly.

Create Your Free Card
Our customers rate us
4.9/5

based on 25,000+ reviews
Used by industry-leaders

exp Realty logo

CoStar Group logo




tesla logo white

citi logo
Salesforce Logo

Designed for networking
Powerful tech
Great business begins with a great first impression
Instantly connect and impress prospects with your QR code-powered business card.

Get started

Personalize
Business cards that are as dynamic as you are
Personalize your own digital business cards with your headshot, your logo and slick design templates. New job title? New logo? No problem. Update your card instantly in the Blinq mobile app.

Get started

Network
Share your card with anyone, anyway
Even if they don’t have the app, you can share by QR Code, via your LinkedIn or email.

Get started

Universal
Used and loved by businesses across the world
From realtors in America to entrepreneurs in Australia, people around the world use Blinq to network their way to success.

Get started

Share your way
How you share your digital business card is up to you



Apple Watch App
The world’s top rated digital business card app also has a free Apple Watch integration!
Learn more

blinq widgets

Smartphone Widgets
Add a Blinq widget to your smartphone and always be within one swipe of sharing.
Learn more



NFC Card
Match your Blinq digital business card with physical NFC business cards
Learn more

How to get started with a Blinq digital business card
Create Your Free Card
And download the app

Download on the
App Store

Download on
Google Play

Download
Get the Blinq mobile app in the Apple App Store or Google Play Store.


Create
Add your contact details, socials, website, and more to your free Blinq card


Share
Open your Blinq app and get your prospects to scan the QR code. This will share your details instantly, without the need for your recipient to have the Blinq app.


Save
When your prospect opens your card, they’ll be given the option to save your contact details quickly and directly to their phone. No need for a messy stack of business cards and no manual data entry!


Your questions, answered
How much does a Blinq Digital Business card cost?

Your first 2 digital business cards are free. If you want more cards or premium customisation features, check out our pricing page. Subscription prices start at $2.99 a month.

Can I still share my Blinq card with someone who doesn’t have the app?

Yes - Blinq recipients don’t need the app to see your contact details. Simply get them to scan your Blinq QR code and they’ll be given the option to save your details. If you’d like to see it in action, watch this video tutorial of a Blinq Digital Business card being shared. 

Can I get someone's contact details back even if they don’t have the Blinq app?

You sure can. Once you’ve shared your contact details with a contact, they’ll be given the option to share those back to you. You can access all these received contact details in the “Contacts” section of the Blinq mobile app.

How do I share my digital business card?

The easiest way to share your digital business card is by getting your prospects to scan the digital business card in your Blinq Mobile app. You can also share your card by text or email if you prefer.

Is there a limit to how many scans I can have?

There isn’t! Blinq free, premium and business users have unlimited scans. 

How many cards can I have in my account?

Blinq’s free membership allows you to have 2 cards. Premium members can have up to 5 cards and business members can have unlimited cards. Find out more about our pricing and subscription options.

Can we have a QR code that we can put on printed cards?

You can. The easiest way to get QR codes printed is by buying a Blinq NFC Card. You can also download your dynamic Blinq QR code and print it onto a business card with a provider of your choice. Learn how to download your dynamic QR code in this guide.

Can I get multiple employees set up with digital business cards?

You can get multiple employees set up with Blinq Business cards with our Blinq Business subscription option.

Does the Blinq Card contacts connect with my CRM software?

CRM integrations are only available with the Blinq Business subscription.

What people are saying
Customer reviews
4.9out of 5
25,000+ Ratings

The digital business card that’s always by my side
Gone are the days where I used to provide a business card to a client who then lost it and never called me again. Since using blinq the amount of callbacks I’ve gotten from clients has at least doubled. Customer service has also been fantastic as they helped me set up an enterprise account for my entire business and employees!

@sayless21, App Store Australia

Simple - effective - amazing!
I’ve had Blinq now for 4 months and LOVE how easy it is to use and effective it is!! This is the RIGHT app for sharing my info and with the photo option it’s super easy for anyone to grab my information! I couldn’t be happier!

@gmphilbeck, App Store USA

Great app. Easy to set up and use
A great app. Easy to set up and easy to use.

@Lushgardener, App Store UK

Love this app.
Really easy to use. So much better than carrying around business cards and with lots of additional features. I use in everyday business and it’s a must for networking events. Very professional organisational support. Highly recommend.

@super_nova_, App Store Australia

The. Best.
Everyone loves when I send them my info from the app. And the UI is the best out there.

@sayless21, App Store Australia

Love this app
Really easy to use. So much better than carrying around business cards and with lots of additional features. I use in everyday business and it’s a must for networking events. Very professional organisational support. Highly recommend.

@Ally-shelding, App Store Australia

Ready when you are
Blinq is trusted by thousands of users to share their professional identity every day. Now it’s your turn.

Create Your Card
Blinq logo
app store
google play store

Product
Individuals
Businesses & Teams
NFC Business Cards
Pricing
Solutions
Digital Business Cards
Email Signature
Resources
Help
Blog
Contact
Work at Blinq
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Use
Press Kit
Responsible Disclosure Program
Security
Access
Log In
Sign Up Free
© 2017-2023 Blinq Technologies Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.



